Adds PATH for macOS (#10031)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/install/reqs/macos/set-path.md

{% assign terminal=include.terminal %}
{% assign target = include.target %}

### Add Flutter to your `PATH`
{:.no_toc}

To run Flutter commands in {{terminal}},
You need to add Flutter to the `PATH` environment variable.

> THis section covers the permanent addition of the path to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers the permanent addition of the path to the
```

> You need to add Flutter to the `PATH` environment variable.
> THis section covers the permanent addition of the path to the
> Flutter to your `PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you need to add Flutter to the `PATH` environment variable.
You can add it manually each time you launch a terminal 
but it's easier, as shown here,
to add it to your environment so that it's always available.
```

Author: I'd like to keep this more opinionated and avoid writing about another method that they'll find they need to change later. That's what made the original macOS install page so cumbersome.

Reviewer 3: I disagree, in this doc it's so opinionated I find it difficult to understand what is required to use Flutter and what's just recommended.  Like why `.zshenv` and not `.zshrc`?  Why would Flutter need me to update `GEM_HOME`?  Have we now messed up the environment for someone who already has Ruby installed?  Why are we in the business of telling people to update that env?

Author: The `zsh` docs say that environment variables should be set in `.zshenv` because that file is loaded regardless of it being a login or an interactive shell. The other files are not always loaded. 

This is also what opinionated means in this case. We're not offering options, we're providing a path to completion. When this is published, we may get issues filed against this and we can address any raised concerns then.

Reviewer 3: I guess I'm disagreeing that this doc should be opinionated.  I suggest we put this page back to:
1. Install Xcode (link to Xcode in the Mac App Store, or Apple docs)
2. Install Cocoapods (link to CocoaPods install page)
3. Put Flutter on your PATH (link to how to put things on your PATH, or maybe a blog post or something like "here's an example of how to do that!"

etc.

As someone who has had to close many open issues and add workarounds to the Flutter tool related to installation and environment issues resulting from our _own_ docs, I'd really prefer not to be in the business of keeping the dependency installation docs up-to-date, or to confuse experienced developers who know how to add executables to their PATH, or make it seem like we have dependencies that we don't (Homebrew).

Once it's installed and built, the `flutter` tool itself has more up-to-date hints about how to get your environment set up (you have Xcode installed, but you need to accept the license, etc)

This guide presumes that you are using the latest default shell, `zsh`.
This section adds Flutter to the `PATH` using the `.zshenv` file.

> Z shell uses this file only for environment variables and loads its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zsh uses this file only for environment variables and loads its
```

contents before any other configuration file.

1. To add Flutter to your `PATH` in your `.zshenv` file,
   run the following command.

    ```terminal
    $ cat <<EOF >> ~/.zshenv
    # Configure Flutter

    export FLUTTER_HOME=\$HOME/Projects/flutter
    if [[ \$PATH != *"\$FLUTTER_HOME"* ]]
    then
        export PATH=\$FLUTTER_HOME/bin:\$PATH
    fi

>     EOF

Reviewer: Same comment as above, this code is overcomplicated.

Reviewer: It's hard to read, I would just describe the code they need to add to their shell initialization (whether it's Zsh, Bash, or something else)

Author: That's the thing: It should be `zsh` across the board at this version of the OS. I don't want to assume a particular level of knowledge or familiarity with all areas involved.

Reviewer 4: drive by comment, @atsansone you're right, users will copy paste shell snippets to their config. also, many tools auto append. this leads to users having very long, incomprehensible config files and obscure runtime shell environments that we are not easy for my team to debug.

{% assign terminal=include.terminal %}
{% assign target = include.target %}
{% assign dir = include.dir %}

### Add Flutter to your `PATH`
{:.no_toc}

To run Flutter commands in {{terminal}},
You need to add Flutter to the `PATH` environment variable.
This section covers the permanent addition of the path to the
Flutter to your `PATH` environment variable.
This guide presumes that you are using the latest default shell, `zsh`.
This section adds Flutter to the `PATH` using the `.zshenv` file.
Zsh uses this file only for environment variables and loads its
contents before any other configuration file.

1. Launch your preferred text editor.

1. If it exists, open the Zsh environmental variable file `~/.zshenv`
   in your text editor. If it doesn't, create `~/.zshenv`.

1. Copy the following text block.

   ```conf

   # Configure Flutter

   # Set the Flutter home directory to your Flutter install directory.
   export FLUTTER_HOME=$HOME/development/flutter

   # Check if Flutter is in your PATH, and, if not, add it. 
   if [[ $PATH != *"$FLUTTER_HOME"* ]]
   then
       export PATH=$FLUTTER_HOME/bin:$PATH

>    fi

Author: I understand your point, but don't agree with it. I stand by the change.
